<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="BlockUI"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            This example shows how to use "autoShow" mode activated by setting the attribute "autoShow" to true.
            Another feature is the "event" attribute which specifies which events should be listen.
            Skipping "event" means we are not interested in any events. That means all events of the source component
            cause a blocking of the target component(s). Only events specified by p:ajax are supported.
            PrimeFaces components can also send ajax requests without p:ajax, but such events are internal and not exposed.
            BlockUI don't support such events. The "target" attribute allows to specify several target components and HTML elements to be blocked.
            The syntax of the "target" attribute is the same as e.g. for "process" and "update" attributes in p:ajax.
            <p/>
            Try to expand, select, unselect a tree node on the left side or click on any checkbox on the right side.
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <ui:include src="/sections/blockui/example-blockUIAutoShow.xhtml"/>
        </h:panelGroup>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/twoTabsDecorator.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/blockui/example-blockUIAutoShow.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/blockui/FileSystemController.java')}

${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/blockui/AccessRightsController.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/blockui/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="blockUI"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
