<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Layout"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            To place any custom content between layout panes there are three alternative ways:
            <p/>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    Place a nested layout pane (pe:layoutPane) within a div element with the class "ui-layout-content".
                    This approach is applied in this example.
                </li>
                <li>
                    Add the option "containerSelector" to child options (see LayoutOptions class).
                    The value of "containerSelector" points to a wrapper-div element which acts as a container for nested layout panes.
                </li>
                <li>
                    Use the header facet (f:facet name="header") for any custom content. This is very handy. For instance,
                    if you place messages there, they will be always visible because only pane's inner "content container" gets scrollbars.
                    The header facet always stays fixed. This approach is demonstrated in this example.
                </li>
            </ul>
            <strong>Note:</strong> Use the widget's method <strong>sizeContent(pane)</strong> to manually trigger a resize
            from your own code when the custom content between layout panes gets updated and changes its size.
            <strong>sizeContent(pane)</strong> resizes the "content container" inside the specified pane
            (e.g. sizeContent('center_west')). Content is resized automatically when the pane is resized or opened,
            so this method only needs to be called manually if something "changes the height" of a header or footer element in the pane.
            <p/>
            Please refer <a href="http://layout.jquery-dev.net/changelog.cfm" target="_blank">examples</a> on the plugin homepage to see how it works in detail.
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/sections/layout/customContentPage.jsf" target="_blank"
                          style="font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; border-bottom: 1px dotted;">
                <h:outputText value="Show full page layout with custom content"/>
            </h:outputLink>
        </h:panelGroup>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/twoTabsDecorator.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/layout/example-customContent.xhtml')}
                
// Included page with nested child layout
                
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/layout/example-customContentOne.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/layout/CustomContentLayoutController.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/layout/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/twoTabsDocumentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName1" value="layout"/>
            <ui:param name="tagName2" value="layoutPane"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>