<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Layout"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            This example demonstrates a full page layout with nested panes, layout's AJAX events and client-side state management.
            Three events are possible: <strong>open</strong>, <strong>close</strong>, <strong>resize</strong>.
            The client-side state management is activated by setting <strong>stateCookie="true"</strong>.
            <p/>
            Furthermore, you can see client-side widget's methods for pane manipulation in action. These are
            <strong>sizePane()</strong>, <strong>sizeContent()</strong> <strong>toggle()</strong>, <strong>close()</strong>
            and <strong>open()</strong>. They expect pane position as parameter. Nested panes are separated by the <strong>_</strong> sign.
            Example: sizePane("center_north", 300); <strong>Attention:</strong> "center" pane can not be manipulated,
            so that e.g. toggle("center") or sizePane("west_center", 300) are invalid calls.
            <p/>
            In this example, the entire layout is defined by LayoutOptions which are bound to the "options" attribute of pe:layout.
            LayoutOptions is optional, it also possible to create a layout by options defined as attributes of pe:layoutPane.
            Note: LayoutOptions created as Java model takes precedence over layout options as tag attributes.
            It is up to you if you would like to use all available options via LayoutOptions or a limited set of options in pe:layoutPane.
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/sections/layout/fullPage.jsf" target="_blank"
                          style="font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; border-bottom: 1px dotted;">
                <h:outputText value="Show full page layout"/>
            </h:outputLink>
        </h:panelGroup>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/twoTabsDecorator.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/layout/example-fullPage.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/layout/FullLayoutController.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/layout/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/twoTabsDocumentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName1" value="layout"/>
            <ui:param name="tagName2" value="layoutPane"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
