<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">

    <f:metadata>
        <f:viewAction action="#{monacoEditorController.initExtender}"/>
    </f:metadata>

    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="MonacoEditor"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            The Monaco editor widget was built with extensibility in mind. The PrimeFaces widget is a JSF wrapper
            component that lets you integrate the editor easily in a JSF page and provides several options for the
            most common features. Sometimes, however, it may become necessary to customize the editor event further.
            In that case, you can make use of the extensive
            <a href="https://microsoft.github.io/monaco-editor/api/index.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">client-side JavaScript API provided by the Monaco editor</a>.
            <br/><br/>
            To do so, specify the <code>extender</code> option on the editor. This lets you set a custom JavaScript object with
            several callback methods for the lifecycle of the Monaco editor. For example, you can modify the editor options
            before the editor is created, or add TypeScript declaration files for improved IntelliSense. The example below loads
            the declaration files for JQuery from the <code>DefinitelyTyped</code> GitHub repo and adds them to the editor. This
            enables autocomplete and docs for JQuery function.
            <br/><br/>
            For the inline widget, you can just specify a JavaScript expression that evaluates to an extender object. For the
            framed widget, you will need to specify an URL to a JavaScript file that creates the extender and writes it to
            <code>window.MonacoEnvironment.Extender</code>. See the panel to the right for more info about the extender object.
            Please note that for the framed widget, the extender is run in the iframe context and <strong>will not have
            access to JQuery nor to PrimeFaces related functions.</strong>
            <br/><br/>
            The extenders you see in the example below use the <code>fetch</code> API and other modern JavaScript
            features. If you need to support old browsers, consider using <code>XMLHttpRequest</code> instead of
            <code>fetch</code> instead.
            <br/><br/>
            Finally, you can also check out the
            <a href="https://microsoft.github.io/monaco-editor/playground.html" target="_blank">Monaco editor playground</a> which contain
            many more exapmles of how you can use the client-side API to customize the editor.
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <ui:include src="/sections/monacoEditor/example-extender.xhtml" />
        </h:panelGroup>
        
        <script>
          $(function(){
            PrimeFaces.widgets.fullLayoutWidget.close("west");
            PrimeFaces.widgets.fullLayoutWidget.close("east");
         })
       </script>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/threeTabsDecoratorJS.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/monacoEditor/example-extender.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/MonacoEditorController.java')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab3">
${showcase:getFileContent('/resources/js/monacoExtender.js')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/monacoEditor/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="monacoEditor"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
